---
draft: false # will not appear on website unless true
featured: false # will apply different styles
title: Earth 01
featured-image: /assets/images/earth-01.jpg # relative url for main image must begin with "/"
snippet: Lifetimes of human folly ran Earth and several predecessor planets to exhaustion. It is up to sanguine Felix Pearson and his select crew of explorers to revisit and if possible, resettle Earth 01. Prepared to find pollution, disease, and animal mutants from evolutions gone terribly wrong, they embark, but nothing could have prepared them for what they actually find on Earth 01.
categories:
  - Science Fiction & Fantasy
authors:
  - Randall Peterson
artists:
  - Mr. Auer
copy-editors:
  - Ms. Orme
technical-editors:
  - Mr. Auer
---
The year was 2056. I lived on Earth 37. Humanity had come a long way since Earth 01-36. It all started with a planet that was perfect — George Washington was our first president and Karma Term was our last, but that’s beside the point. My name is Felix Pearson and I might be humanity’s last hope, well, along with four other people. I’ll just get right into it. In 2019 there was an animal outbreak it wasn’t a disease or a zookeeper that released every animal in every zoo. It was just, evolution. All animals in the world evolved so much they overran the world and I bet by now they’ve evolved even more.

After Earth 01 the government of every single country came together and made a space program to find another habitable planet. Luckily the program in Wales, Australia found a habitable planet and had already set up a society there. By the time everyone came up with a plan to leave, only 3 million people were alive. 7 billion to 3 million died in 12 weeks. We built up a world that was torn down in 12 weeks.

> I said my goodbyes and hugged my friends and family. One day before I left I finally got to meet the four other people I could be dying with.

Once everyone arrived on Earth 02, the government said they would kill off all animals there and just run on machinery and artificial stuff like that. No one would ever guess but machinery leads to pollution. Earth 02 was polluted to the ground, so everyone had to move again. To Earth 03. That was habitable, but was also the place where storms are born. Tsunamis, Thunderstorms, Fires, Tornadoes, and Earthquakes all in one — twice a day at least. They had to escape.

Eventually they moved to Earth 03 then 04, 05. It went on and on. Then I was born. Earth 35 was my planet. It ran out of land and turned into an ocean planet. I am now on Earth 37, and we have run out of planets, so the government randomly selected 5 people to go back to the old planets to see if we can fix them. I was selected to go to Earth 01.

I had two days until I had to leave. I said my goodbyes and hugged my friends and family. One day before I left I finally got to meet the four other people I could be dying with. One was a blonde haired girl named Elizabeth Brown. Another was a short boy named Xander Quill. My best friend (who I already knew was going) was named Randall Watts, as well as a girl named Becca whose parents died on earth 35. We were all going to leave our home in 19 hours and counting.

“Lift off in one hour,” said the pilot. I was the first one to break the ice and boy, was it a big mistake. I asked if anyone was ready to leave.

Elizabeth said,” No, not really.” No one else answered, but I knew Randall was. Then *Boom!* out of nowhere I felt the engines turn on and we were taking off.

I passed out and so did Randall. I woke up on impact as we landed on Earth 01. The airlock opened and I tried to unbuckle my seat belt, but it was stuck. Beth pointed out the floor was filling with water. After the Airlock opened the door did too. Then the floor was splashed with water. I finally unbuckled my seatbelt. Everyone was unbuckled but Randall. Once the water touched him he woke up and he was stuck too. The more water got in, the faster we sank. I jumped out onto a raft along with the girls and Xander. Randall was shouting for help. Then Randall was submerged.

I had nothing to do. I just froze up and he was drowning. I finally jumped in and he was sinking super fast. The pressure was killing my head. It was too late. A glare off the metal ship blinded and then I looked back down to see and the shuttle was out of sight. I swam back to the top and Randall was wet and lying down on the boat.

The idea of hugging him came to me, but before I got the chance a fin came up and started circling us. A shark jumped up to grab us, but a bird came just in time to grab it and take it away. The bird must have been 100 feet away before the shark’s tail was out of the water. Becca saw land, and we all started paddling that way. We arrived on land and saw a gorilla the size of an elephant walk past us, butterflies with teeth, fish with legs, and killer whales that shot spines out of their blowholes to catch prey. The ape must have seen us out of the corner of his eye because it turned and screamed at us.

I started sprinting and the others followed. The ape started knocking over old buildings. It climbed to the top of the former Empire State Building and screamed at us. I asked, “Does anyone else have deja vu right now?” It jumped off the building and was about to land on us but a giant lizard caught him. I was really having deja vu! All I needed next was a giant moth to fly by. Becca realized we could escape while they were fighting.

We hid behind some bushes and didn’t feel alone. Behind us were one pair of eyes. It was a puma that started sprinting towards us. It grabbed Xander and took him into this cave. “We have to get him!” said Beth. Finally, we decide to go into the cave. We heard a roar and out of the cave came a bear the size of a tea cup. We weren’t scared so we went in and Xander was laying in a nest, which didn’t make sense because pumas are mammals, but…evolution I guess. Randall snuck onto the nest and grabbed Xander. Out of nowhere a baby puma cracked out of the egg. We all wanted a better look, so we went on the nest. The ground started to crack

We fell down a pit into these plants that sucked us under the ground. We landed on a bush that squeezed out gas. Randall told us he read about the gas he said the best way to explain it is laughing gas. “We have about 30 seconds until we can’t, can’t, can’t ha, ha haha ah, Beth — you look funny.”

Beth responded,” No, you look like a potato.”

I said, “You guys aren’t funny. This is just the gas.” Xander walked and opened a door. I asked, “Why is there a door in a pit,” Xander opened it there was a shiny metal room. We were being filmed!

A man eating a donut walked into the room and froze. Eventually, he opened a hatch that had a red button. The button was clicked and sirens went off. 30 men busted through the walls to show an entire corporation. One man said, “Now that you know our secret- you have to die.”

Randall said, “This is so cliché.” It was almost as if he was breaking the 4th wall.

We were all about to run, but then Becca asked with tears in her eyes, “Dad?”

To Be Continued…
